Move kyma-project.io to netlify (#289)
kyma-project/website: README.md

# Website

<a href="https://www.netlify.com" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://www.netlify.com/img/global/badges/netlify-color-bg.svg"/>
</a>

## Overview

> This repository contains website source for [`kyma-project.io`](https://kyma-project.io). It uses [GatsbyJS](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) for static site generation and deploys by [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains website source for [`kyma-project.io`](https://kyma-project.io). The website uses [GatsbyJS](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) for static site generation and is deployed by [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com).
```
